ee/food/crnk/resources/GiftbitCard.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.GiftbitCard
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ClientOrderInvoiceRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ClientOrderInvoiceRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningRequirementConstraint.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningRequirementConstraint
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantVoteRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantVoteRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/GiftbitCardRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.GiftbitCardRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RoleRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RoleRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/SalesforceSyncErrorRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.SalesforceSyncErrorRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CourierRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CourierRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/ClientDiscount.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.ClientDiscount
ee/food/crnk/resources/AccountingConsolidationConfiguration.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AccountingConsolidationConfiguration
ee/food/crnk/repositories/UserRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.UserRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/GroupOrderMember.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.GroupOrderMember
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningScheduleRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningScheduleRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/CurrenciesCurrency.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.CurrenciesCurrency
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AccountingConsolidationConfigurationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AccountingConsolidationConfigurationRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MenuGroupRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MenuGroupRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/FeatureFlagDescriptionRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.FeatureFlagDescriptionRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantDiscountRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantDiscountRepository
ee/food/crnk/commands/AbstractCommand.java
 ee.food.crnk.commands.AbstractCommand
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningRequirementGroup.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningRequirementGroup
ee/food/crnk/resources/Location.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Location
ee/food/crnk/resources/DeliveryLocation.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DeliveryLocation
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealTypeRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealTypeRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantOrderInvoiceRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantOrderInvoiceRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantVote.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantVote
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningEvent.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningEvent
ee/food/crnk/resources/NotificationLog.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.NotificationLog
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningEventRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningEventRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Invoice.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Invoice
ee/food/crnk/resources/HistorianVersion.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.HistorianVersion
ee/food/crnk/domains/restaurants/queries/GetActiveMenu.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.restaurants.queries.GetActiveMenu
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlan.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlan
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MenuOptionGroupRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MenuOptionGroupRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/LogisticsArrivalEstimateRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.LogisticsArrivalEstimateRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/InvoicingLedgerItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.InvoicingLedgerItem
ee/food/crnk/resources/UserFeedback.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.UserFeedback
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DeskCaseRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DeskCaseRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AccountingConsolidationRunRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AccountingConsolidationRunRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantDiscount.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantDiscount
ee/food/crnk/resources/MenuItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MenuItem
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DeliveryCaseRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DeliveryCaseRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/FoodTypeRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.FoodTypeRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/GiftbitGift.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.GiftbitGift
ee/food/crnk/resources/ServiceTime.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.ServiceTime
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ClientDiscountRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ClientDiscountRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/SalesforceCaseRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.SalesforceCaseRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/EmailMessage.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.EmailMessage
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantRanking.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantRanking
ee/food/crnk/resources/QualifyingQuestion.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.QualifyingQuestion
ee/food/crnk/repositories/InvoicingTaxRateRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.InvoicingTaxRateRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/EventRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.EventRepository
ee/food/crnk/exceptions/unprocessableEntity/orders/RestaurantAtCapacity.java
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.orders.RestaurantAtCapacity
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.orders.RestaurantAtCapacity$1
ee/food/crnk/resources/CurrenciesTransaction.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.CurrenciesTransaction
ee/food/crnk/resources/SalesforceCase.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.SalesforceCase
ee/food/crnk/repositories/PickupLocationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.PickupLocationRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/InvoicingLedgerItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.InvoicingLedgerItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/FeatureFlagDescription.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.FeatureFlagDescription
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningTemplate.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningTemplate
ee/food/crnk/repositories/PaymentCardRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.PaymentCardRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningReservation.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningReservation
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AccountingLineItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AccountingLineItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DiscountCodeRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DiscountCodeRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningRestaurantConstraintRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningRestaurantConstraintRepository
ee/food/crnk/domains/ordering/commands/CreateOrderItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.commands.CreateOrderItem
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningLogRecord.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningLogRecord
ee/food/crnk/repositories/LocationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.LocationRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningInstanceRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningInstanceRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/CommunicationPreference.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.CommunicationPreference
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantClosureRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantClosureRepository
ee/food/crnk/Utils.java
 ee.food.crnk.Utils
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DietaryTagRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DietaryTagRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/GiftbitError.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.GiftbitError
ee/food/crnk/exceptions/unprocessableEntity/UnhandledUnprocessableEntityException.java
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.UnhandledUnprocessableEntityException
ee/food/crnk/domains/areas/queries/GetActiveAreas.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.areas.queries.GetActiveAreas
ee/food/crnk/resources/LogisticsDelivery.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.LogisticsDelivery
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningTemplateRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningTemplateRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Restaurant.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Restaurant
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CommunicationPreferenceRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CommunicationPreferenceRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ClientSignupRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ClientSignupRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CurrenciesWalletRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CurrenciesWalletRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DeliveryLocationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DeliveryLocationRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/AppConfiguration.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AppConfiguration
ee/food/crnk/resources/Menu.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Menu
ee/food/crnk/resources/SalesforceSyncError.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.SalesforceSyncError
ee/food/crnk/resources/MenuOptionItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MenuOptionItem
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AreaClosureRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AreaClosureRepository
ee/food/crnk/Exercise.java
 ee.food.crnk.Exercise
ee/food/crnk/resources/SubscriptionPlan.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.SubscriptionPlan
ee/food/crnk/domains/restaurants/queries/GetRestaurant.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.restaurants.queries.GetRestaurant
ee/food/crnk/domains/ordering/commands/CreateGroupOrderMember.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.commands.CreateGroupOrderMember
ee/food/crnk/repositories/OrderItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.OrderItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/DriverPing.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DriverPing
ee/food/crnk/repositories/GiftbitGiftRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.GiftbitGiftRepository
ee/food/crnk/queries/AbstractQuery.java
 ee.food.crnk.queries.AbstractQuery
ee/food/crnk/resources/Client.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Client
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ContactRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ContactRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningRequirementGroupRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningRequirementGroupRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/OrderRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.OrderRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/PromoCodeRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.PromoCodeRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/AccountingLedgerItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AccountingLedgerItem
ee/food/crnk/repositories/UserFeedbackRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.UserFeedbackRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/HistorianVersionRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.HistorianVersionRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AreaRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AreaRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AccountingLedgerItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AccountingLedgerItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningSchedule.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningSchedule
ee/food/crnk/repositories/InvoiceRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.InvoiceRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/TagRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.TagRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/GroupOrderMemberRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.GroupOrderMemberRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/PaymentAccount.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.PaymentAccount
ee/food/crnk/resources/CurrenciesWallet.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.CurrenciesWallet
ee/food/crnk/resources/DeskCase.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DeskCase
ee/food/crnk/resources/ReleaseNote.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.ReleaseNote
ee/food/crnk/exceptions/unprocessableEntity/UnprocessableEntityException.java
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.UnprocessableEntityException
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.UnprocessableEntityException$1
ee/food/crnk/resources/MenuGroup.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MenuGroup
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningRequirementRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningRequirementRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningRestaurantConstraint.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningRestaurantConstraint
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningInstance.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningInstance
ee/food/crnk/resources/User.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.User
ee/food/crnk/exceptions/unprocessableEntity/UnprocessableEntityMapper.java
 ee.food.crnk.exceptions.unprocessableEntity.UnprocessableEntityMapper
ee/food/crnk/domains/ordering/commands/PublishOrder.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.commands.PublishOrder
ee/food/crnk/repositories/TeamRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.TeamRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/FoodType.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.FoodType
ee/food/crnk/resources/Company.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Company
ee/food/crnk/domains/ordering/commands/CreateOrder.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.commands.CreateOrder
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.commands.CreateOrder$BasicOrderParams
ee/food/crnk/resources/AccountingLineItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AccountingLineItem
ee/food/crnk/repositories/QualifyingQuestionRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.QualifyingQuestionRepository
ee/food/crnk/domains/restaurants/queries/GetActiveRestaurants.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.restaurants.queries.GetActiveRestaurants
ee/food/crnk/repositories/AppConfigurationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.AppConfigurationRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/DietaryTag.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DietaryTag
ee/food/crnk/resources/PaymentCard.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.PaymentCard
ee/food/crnk/resources/ClientSignup.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.ClientSignup
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DriverDayRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DriverDayRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantOrderInvoice.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantOrderInvoice
ee/food/crnk/resources/AccountingConsolidationRun.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AccountingConsolidationRun
ee/food/crnk/resources/LogisticsArrivalEstimate.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.LogisticsArrivalEstimate
ee/food/crnk/resources/Contact.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Contact
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantClosure.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantClosure
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CurrenciesTransactionRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CurrenciesTransactionRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/PaymentAccountRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.PaymentAccountRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MenuItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MenuItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/domains/ordering/queries/GetOrder.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.ordering.queries.GetOrder
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningLogRecordRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningLogRecordRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ClientRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ClientRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Team.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Team
ee/food/crnk/resources/MenuOptionGroup.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MenuOptionGroup
ee/food/crnk/repositories/NotificationLogRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.NotificationLogRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningRequirementConstraintRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningRequirementConstraintRepository
ee/food/crnk/FoodeeClient.java
 ee.food.crnk.FoodeeClient
 ee.food.crnk.FoodeeClient$1
 ee.food.crnk.FoodeeClient$AuthAdapter
 ee.food.crnk.FoodeeClient$AuthAdapter$1
ee/food/crnk/resources/Role.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Role
ee/food/crnk/resources/PickupLocation.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.PickupLocation
ee/food/crnk/domains/clients/queries/GetClient.java
 ee.food.crnk.domains.clients.queries.GetClient
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CompanyRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CompanyRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/AreaClosure.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.AreaClosure
ee/food/crnk/resources/DriverDay.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DriverDay
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DriverWeekRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DriverWeekRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningPreferenceProfile.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningPreferenceProfile
ee/food/crnk/resources/Order.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Order
ee/food/crnk/resources/DriverWeek.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DriverWeek
ee/food/crnk/repositories/UserInviteRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.UserInviteRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/EmailMessageRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.EmailMessageRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/RestaurantCapacityTranche.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.RestaurantCapacityTranche
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningReservationRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningReservationRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantCapacityTrancheRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantCapacityTrancheRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ServiceTimeRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ServiceTimeRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealType.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealType
ee/food/crnk/resources/Area.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Area
ee/food/crnk/repositories/DriverPingRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.DriverPingRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/GiftbitErrorRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.GiftbitErrorRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Tag.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Tag
ee/food/crnk/resources/DeliveryCase.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DeliveryCase
ee/food/crnk/resources/DiscountCode.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.DiscountCode
ee/food/crnk/resources/InvoicingTaxRate.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.InvoicingTaxRate
ee/food/crnk/resources/MealPlanningRequirement.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.MealPlanningRequirement
ee/food/crnk/repositories/RestaurantRankingRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.RestaurantRankingRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Courier.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Courier
ee/food/crnk/repositories/ReleaseNoteRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.ReleaseNoteRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/Event.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.Event
ee/food/crnk/resources/UserInvite.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.UserInvite
ee/food/crnk/repositories/CurrenciesCurrencyRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.CurrenciesCurrencyRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/ClientOrderInvoice.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.ClientOrderInvoice
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MenuOptionItemRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MenuOptionItemRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/LogisticsDeliveryRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.LogisticsDeliveryRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MenuRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MenuRepository
ee/food/crnk/resources/OrderItem.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.OrderItem
ee/food/crnk/resources/PromoCode.java
 ee.food.crnk.resources.PromoCode
ee/food/crnk/repositories/MealPlanningPreferenceProfileRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.MealPlanningPreferenceProfileRepository
ee/food/crnk/repositories/SubscriptionPlanRepository.java
 ee.food.crnk.repositories.SubscriptionPlanRepository
